docs(config): refresh the README with more context, content, and samples (#10836)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-config/README.md

#### AWS Managed Rules

AWS Config provides AWS managed rules, which are predefined, customizable rules that AWS Config
uses to evaluate whether your AWS resources comply with common best practices.

For example, you could create a managed rule that checks whether active access keys are rotated
within the number of days specified.

```ts
import * as config from '@aws-cdk/aws-config';
import * as cdk from '@aws-cdk/core';

// https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/access-keys-rotated.html
new config.ManagedRule(this, 'AccessKeysRotated', {
  identifier: config.ManagedRuleIdentifiers.ACCESS_KEYS_ROTATED,
  inputParameters: {
     maxAccessKeyAge: 60 // default is 90 days
  },
  maximumExecutionFrequency: config.MaximumExecutionFrequency.TWELVE_HOURS // default is 24 hours
});
```

Identifiers for AWS managed rules are available through static constants in the `ManagedRuleIdentifiers` class.
You can find supported input parameters in the [List of AWS Config Managed Rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/managed-rules-by-aws-config.html).

> Higher level constructs for AWS managed rules are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following higher level constructs for AWS managed rules are available.
```

and the function then uses data that it receives from the event and that it retrieves from
the AWS Config API to evaluate the compliance of the rule.

##### Configuration Changes

AWS Config will invoke your Lambda function when it detects a configuration change for a resource.
Example function for [evaluations triggered by configuration changes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config_develop-rules_nodejs-sample.html#event-based-example-rule)

```ts
import * as config from '@aws-cdk/aws-config';

new config.CustomRule(this, 'CustomRule', {
  lambdaFunction: evalComplianceFn,
  configurationChanges: true,
});
```

##### Periodic

AWS Config will invoke a function periodically at the frequency you specify.
Example function for [periodic evaluations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config_develop-rules_nodejs-sample.html#periodic-example-rule)

```ts
import * as config from '@aws-cdk/aws-config';

new config.CustomRule(this, 'CustomRule', {
  lambdaFunction: evalComplianceFn,
  periodic: true,
  maximumExecutionFrequency: config.MaximumExecutionFrequency.SIX_HOURS, // default is 24 hours
});

> ```

Reviewer: I think I'd delete both this sections, and just retain the links to the examples. So:

```
AWS Lambda executes functions in response to events...

Evaluations can be triggered by configuration changes, periodically, ....

(Example with both props set to true)

When the trigger for a rule occurs...

The AWS documentation has examples of Lambda functions [triggered by configuration changes] and [triggered perodically].
```

I think that gets all of the same ideas, but in much less space. WDYT?

Author: i like it. took a run at it.

import * as config from '@aws-cdk/aws-config';

const sshRule = new config.ManagedRule(this, 'SSH', {

>   identifier: 'INCOMING_SSH_DISABLED',

Reviewer: This was unintentional because of a merge/rebase, I'm assuming?

  ruleScope: config.RuleScope.fromResource(config.ResourceType.EC2_SECURITY_GROUP, 'sg-1234567890abcdefgh'), // restrict to specific security group
});

const customRule = new config.CustomRule(this, 'Lambda', {
  lambdaFunction: evalComplianceFn,
  configurationChanges: true
  ruleScope: config.RuleScope.fromResources([config.ResourceType.CLOUDFORMATION_STACK, config.ResourceType.S3_BUCKET]), // restrict to all CloudFormation stacks and S3 buckets
});

const tagRule = new config.CustomRule(this, 'CostCenterTagRule', {
  lambdaFunction: evalComplianceFn,
  configurationChanges: true
  ruleScope: config.RuleScope.fromTag('Cost Center', 'MyApp'), // restrict to a specific tag
});
```

#### Events

> You can define Amazon EventBridge event rule which triggers on AWS Config rule events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define Amazon EventBridge event rules which trigger when a compliance check fails or when a rule is re-evaluated.
```
